# Another Blow
_December 28, 2017_

2AM and Gizmo hops off the bed.  I growl at the thought of going down stairs to let him out. Then I think of his poor choices to go potty inside. Shit. I decide to take on the responsibility and drag my tired butt out of bed.  I take the first step down the stairs when all the sudden I am flung down. Head over heals and landing hard as can be on my left hip.  Tumbling to the bottom I land like am avalanche crashing over the road. Tears roll down my face, as all I can utter is: "fuck." The pain is setting in.  I'm not sure I can move, but all I see is Gizmo running around like a headless chicken.  I crawl to the door to let him out. The pain shooting through me is like bullets ripping every muscle I have. I grab ahold of the couch and try to pull myself to a standing position.  My legs shake and and I instantly know putting weight on my left leg isn't going to happen.  My hip is done for.  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.  What am I going to do.  Everyone is sleeping.  I let Gizmo back in.  I make my way to the stairs as tears are streaking my face. The pain I am in is umbarable. I have no choice but to crawl back up the stairs to get to Waylon for some help.  Yelling and waking kids is NOT an option.  One step at a time, I drag my body up the stairs.  I crawl to the side of the bed.  At this point I am sobbing.  Waylon wakes and turns on the light to figure out what happened.  He assess the damage and helps me into bed.  Getting pain meds on board I am finally able to calm down and coast back into an uncomfortable sleep.  I wake the next morning with the feeling of being ran over. Every part of my hurts. I still can't walk, my head is throbbing, I'm dizzy, I am bruised horribly.  I'm staying in bed.  I sleep most of the day.  The next morning I wake up, today, and I still can't walk.  Shit.  Ok. I guess I should go get checked out. I went to prompt care and cocky Dr. gave me a: "why the hell did you wait" look.  Fuck off.  She thought something for sure was broken in my hip.  X-rays came back and she didn't see anything.  She said after a radiologist reviews it she would call if they see something, but it is highly unlikely.  Ok.  Good. No breaks.

An hour later my phone rings.  Apparently, I have a bone growth on my hip joint that has been there and I irritated it enough to cause pain.  This also explains why I have struggled with my hip for some time now. Just fucking great right?!?! The radiologist said that I will need to see my PCP to get a referral to an orthopedic surgeon.  If it isn't fixed it can cause permanent damage which would lead to needing a total hip replacement.  Holy fuck! Seriously? I can't make this shit up!  Why does all this stuff happen to me?  Ahhhh.  Merry FUCKING Christmas, again!